Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Lucky?
Stop now!
You kept your dad's lighter?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
You okay?
Ask me again tomorrow.
Hey. come on. come on. come on. come on.
Well. the hard part's over.
We pulled it off.
I don't know. Something feels off.
Well. that's because you're hard-wired
to feel that way.
Yes. but it doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Hey. look.
Everything is going according to plan.
Until it isn't.
You know what I think?
You know what I'm gonna say?
You got to get him out of your head.
Yeah. maybe.
What's he saying?
That there's something I'm not seeing.
Okay.
Hey. look at me.
You don't have to do that anymore.
- Okay.
Thank you.
For what?
Doing this with me.
Oh. yeah.
I mean. John's your family. You're mine.
Okay?
Besides. America is kind of over anyway...
- Well. it is for us.
- ...isn't it? Yeah.
We're out of here. baby.
Okay. let's do it.
Let's finish getting dressed.
- Let's go downstairs. have a good time.
- I am dressed.
You're the one that needs to get dressed.
You are dressed. You look amazing.
What am I doing? Five minutes.
Can you grab my watch?
Yeah.
- Do it.
- Okay. okay. okay. okay.
- Come on. come on.
- Okay. Fuck it.
- Let's renew our vows.
- Okay.
- Are you gonna do one?
- He's gonna...
- I'll do one with you guys.
- All right.
- Go.
- Three. two. one.
Alley-oop.
Fuck.
Okay. ten. ten. ten. ten. ten.
Come on. We're going. we're going.
Oh. wait. I forgot my dri... No. no. no.
No. no. no.
That's beautiful.
It really is.
Have you seen that or... Don't look.
Sorry!
All right. ready?
Thank you.
- Well played.
- Thank you.
So. the way I see it.
the earliest anyone realizes
the money is gone is 9:00 a.m. tomorrow.
and by then we're on a cargo plane
above international waters.
So. that means there's just about
six hours left of our old life.
I'll tell you what.
it's been a really good one.
but a better one awaits. ma'am.
To our old life.
Go!
- Oh. my God. Cary.
- Good work.
I haven't seen that in a minute.
but I told you.
- What did I say?
- Yeah. yeah...
- At the beginning of the night?
- ...we're drinking tonight. Yeah. yeah.
A candy-colored clown
They call the sandman
Tiptoes to my room every night
Just to sprinkle stardust
And to whisper
"Go to sleep
Everything is all right"
I close my eyes
Then I drift away
Into the magic night
I softly say
A silent prayer
Like dreamers do
Then I fall asleep to dreams
My dreams of you
Only in dreams
Cary?
Fuck. Fuck. Cary?
Cary.
We're...
Good morning. people. I'm Agent Rand.
Good morning.
I want a full grid search of this hotel.
That means every club.
every bar. every gaming table.
every restaurant. every spa. every shop.
Let's go. Let's go.
Put on a show.
Maybe we can flush them out.
and no one draws their weapons.
I want them alive.
Excuse me. sir.
Have you seen these individuals?
Any chance you've seen these two?
A married couple disappeared overnight
from their home in Southern California.
and are now the subjects
of a nationwide FBI manhunt.
Cary Masterson and his wife.
Luciana Armstrong.
are accused of stealing
millions of taxpayer dollars
that went missing in a mob-related
biodiesel scheme two years ago.
Masterson and Armstrong allegedly got away
with what sources say might be
more than ten million dollars in cash
that was never recovered when
the FBI broke up a West Coast gas scam.
...thought to have defrauded the government
out of more than $200 million.
How this young seemingly unassuming couple
came into possession of funds
the FBI has been trying to track down
for over two years. is still unknown.
But authorities are now asking the public
for help in locating the fugitives.
Mr. Barr. I'm Special Agent Rand.
We spoke on the phone.
Yes. Agent Rand.
So. this is Agent Cruz.
I'm gonna need you
to take him to your security.
let him have access to your CCTV.
facial recognition system.
everything for the last 24 hours.
We have strict limitations
on the use of that software.
- Says who?
- Says the state of Nevada.
We can only access it to detect
and identify known cheats
and those
who have committed gaming crimes...
...or crimes on a casino property.
Well. then you know.
- Cruz.
- Yes. ma'am.
I want footage from those cameras there.
Everything from 4:00 p.m. yesterday.
I want a room number in five minutes.
If Mr. Barr or any of his employees
give you any problems.
handcuff him and put him
in the back of the van.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Thank you. gentlemen.
Ready?
Where are my uniforms?
They're sweeping the casino.
And where are you?
I'm on your ass. ma'am.
They definitely left in a hurry.
Yeah. but her stuff is still here.
Not his.
He left without her.
You thinking
a strategic separation or a breakup?
All I know is he's gone
and the money's gone.
Mason. you copy?
I'm on the floor. No one's seen her.
Cruz?
Nothing yet.
Wait a minute. That one. Blow it up.
Freeze.
That was five minutes ago.
I need all the feeds from this floor.
every angle. from five minutes ago.
You got something?
I'm not sure. but I don't think maids
at Caesars wear hoodies.
Coming to you. Let's go.
Shit.
So. Mr. Barr. how many exits
are we looking at down here?
We've got the main one.
One to the right and one to the left.
Three total.
That's her.
That's her! Go.
Hey. you!
We've got eyes on the girl.
She just hit the gaming floor.
Close all the exits.
Hey!
Move. move!
Gates.
Lucky!
- Gates. meet me at the forum. I see her.
- Hey!
Anybody seen a redhead? Tank top. Anybody?
Oh. fuck.
What's going on?
Sorry... we'll be done in one second.
This place goes on forever.
What's this way?
It opens to the loading dock.
- Open it.
- I don't have the key.
Get me a key to this goddamn door.
I am on it.
Hey. it's Barr.
I'm at the loading docks. I need a key.
Excuse me. sir. can you help me?
Are you okay?
I'm fine...
my boyfriend's just an asshole
when he drinks.
You want me to call the cops?
No.
But if you could get me out of here
that would be really helpful.
Please.
I'll be done in a minute loading
up and we'll get you somewhere safe.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh. come on.
They're coming. Almost here.
Come on.
Oh. come on. come on. come on. come on.
come on. come on. come on. come on.
You think she's still here?
Not a chance.
There's something
I need you to move for me.
For us.
You didn't.
It was an easy lift.
just a little off the top over time.
And very disciplined.
Did she know?
This was all me.
My guess is. once she and I got put away.
his people did the accounting.
discovered the deficit.
And he's springing her to answer for it.
- Dad.
- It's okay.
No. it's not okay.
They're going to come after you.
That's not my concern right now.
Me.
They're going to come after me.
- We're ahead of them.
- We?
I am not. okay?
Apparently. I am way behind.
This takes care of both of us
for the rest of our lives.
Lives?
You know they're going to kill us. right?
This is as far as I can take you.
Thank you.
You sure you're gonna be okay?
Yeah. It should be easier
now that I have a phone.
But I...
don't have any money.
He took everything and...
I've been in my share of fights.
enough to know
what a real shiner looks like.
I have a daughter about your age.
The way I see it.
if the bad boyfriend is your lie.
whatever you're really running from...
is something worse.
That's too much.
Please.
Take it.
I hope it gets you where you wanna go.
Thank you.
The person you are trying
to reach is unavailable.
Please check the number you dialed
and try again.
- Cruz.
- Yes. ma'am?
Get back up to security.
I want a list of all the trucks
that made deliveries in the last hour.
And take a look at that security footage
and find me Cary Masterson.
Between sometime last night and
this morning he took off with the money.
In my woods
I form a part
To be spoken
Both must start
Everyone I know is lost
Flare gone missing. turning dark
We keep walking through the weeds
To our old life.
Hoping for a quick release
- Mason.
- Yeah?
I want a list of all the bus routes
going in and out of Vegas.
Destinations. schedules. rest stops...
- Got it.
- ...the works.
And get some cops down to the depot
to start looking until we narrow it down.
Buses?
She knows we're close.
She's too smart to rent local. so.
until we know otherwise.
we're looking at buses.
Grand Canyon. Last call. Grand Canyon.
Flare gone missing. turning dark
Excuse me. ma'am.
Take the hood off. please.
Hoping for a quick release
Bro. fuck this.
Hey. fuck you.
Yeah. get out of here.
Hello.
You have a collect call
from an inmate at LOMPOC Federal Prison.
John Armstrong.
Please press one to accept.
Hey. Daddy.
You're still there?
I figured this line would be dead by now.
Yeah.
Change of plans.
Where are you?
Seeing the country.
Just you?
Yeah.
Damn. I'm sorry.
Are you?
Of course I am. Come on.
Do you have anyone
to help you with your luggage?
Nope. I'm traveling light.
Okay. Do you have a plan?
Still catching my breath.
Okay. well. remember.
no one runs the board better than you.
Not today. Dad.
They had me in a box
before I even realized what was happening.
But you got out. didn't you?
How many people do you think
could have pulled that off?
Listen to me.
Do you hear my voice?
I am right there with you.
I am in your head. okay?
And we will find a way just like always.
You and me. we don't lose.
Yeah. Says the man in prison.
Touché.
What else does the man in prison say?
Read the room.
And trust no one.
And no shortcuts.
Yeah. No shortcuts.
That's my girl.
I'll... I'll call you
when I have a new number. okay?
Yeah.
All right. I love you. Dad. Bye.
There's our girl.
Right. This is just a minute or so
before you spotted her.
Now. she leaves the lion's den
and goes right back in. Why?
Exactly. Keep watching.
- What am I looking for?
- Hold on.
Cruz. what am I looking for?
It's coming. Coming up.
That guy. He seems to be
the reason she turned around.
Give me another angle. please.
Zoom in.
That's Dutch.
Who's that?
Longtime enforcer for Whittaker.
Priscilla's right hand.
So. you were right.
Okay. I don't get it. What does this mean?
It means she better hope
we find her before he does.
Thank you.
Welcome to Arizona. everyone.
We're gonna do a quick 20-minute stop.
Then we'll continue on
to the Grand Canyon.
You're short $4.
Sorry. Hang on.
Sir. you're holding up the line.
One second. please.
It's okay. I got it.
That's very nice of you. Thank you.
I thought I had more.
I know the feeling.
FBI! Don't move.
Now walk toward me slowly.
Don't do it.
Lucky?
There's nowhere to go. Lucky.
Stop now!
Get on your knees.
And toss the bag.
I said get on your goddamn knees
and toss the bag.
She'd like a word.
Hello. dear.
It's been a while.
Let's go.
That man is definitely dead.
Yeah. and you were about 30 seconds away
from spending the next 20 years
in federal prison.
so you're welcome.
So. why are we here. Lucky?
It's like anything else.
A series of bad decisions
over an extended period of time.
Yours or mine?
Didn't know you were out.
I'm pretty sure you did. Where's my money?
It's not your money.
You and I never got along. Why is that?
Because I never liked you.
Where's my son?
I don't know.
That's the wrong answer.
I know.
And the money?
Ask him. He was gone
when I woke up this morning.
Oh. so you got played?
That's your... That's your story?
Listen. I know you know me.
So. I also know that you're not gonna
believe a single word that I say.
but I don't have it.
You know. the challenge
with someone like you is.
it's nearly impossible to know
when you're telling the truth.
You're right. Lucky.
It's not my money.
and you know whose it is.
so you can imagine what's going to happen
to you and to John
if he doesn't get it back.
Priscilla. I'm telling the truth.
I don't know where it is. okay?
Cary left and I--
And here we are.
Priscilla. I swear to God!
I don't have anything.
- You need to find Cary and ask him. okay?
- You sold me out.
I was--
Goddamn it!
I don't know where he is!
Let me down!
Stop it!
Damn it! Put me down!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Dutch. I don't know where he is. okay?
Damn it!
I'm telling the truth! Dutch!
Take her back to the house.
We'll give her a little time
to consider her predicament.
I don't know why anyone
would choose to live in the desert.
You tell me what I want to hear
I hear it all with my ears
But that won't do me any use
So I use my eyes to see the truth
I've got cyco vision
I use cyco vision
I see cyco vision
I've got cyco vision
It doesn't matter what you say
Help!
Hey. Hey. wake up.
We gotta go. Come on. wake up.
Come on. wake up.
Wake up. Hey. Wake up!
Hey Get ready
I've been down so long
I pay rent to the floor
I'm reelin'. out of sorts
I'm unsteady
Been crawlin' around here for days
In hopes the walls open up
And give way
Call me home
I forgive you
I wish I'd told you so
Nowhere for the words to go
With what's left of me
I'll send your ashes
My love
The thing you fear the most will
Hunt you down
Down. down. down
I'm locking the room
I'm not ready
Sorrow hides outside the door
Disguised as luck
It looks me in the eye
It seems to know me
It's got your shoes and dress and coat
And says. "We're going"
We're goin' to the road
And to the edge
If I follow you
Then tell me that you'll stay
The thing you fear the most will
- Hunt you down
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today